main.go:397:14: should omit type []byte from declaration of var IN_file; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:398:15: should omit type []byte from declaration of var OUT_file; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:399:12: should omit type []byte from declaration of var title; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:400:13: should omit type []byte from declaration of var errMsg; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:401:15: should omit type []byte from declaration of var meshpath; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:402:15: should omit type []byte from declaration of var plotpath; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:403:15: should omit type []byte from declaration of var infcpath; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:404:15: should omit type []byte from declaration of var modepath; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:405:24: should omit type []byte from declaration of var strippedInputFile; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:429:9: should omit type []float32 from declaration of var gX; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:430:9: should omit type []float32 from declaration of var gY; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:431:9: should omit type []float32 from declaration of var gZ; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:432:10: should omit type float32 from declaration of var pan; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:433:12: should omit type float32 from declaration of var scale; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:434:9: should omit type float32 from declaration of var dx; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:452:10: should omit type float64 from declaration of var tol; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:485:9: should omit type []int from declaration of var nD; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:486:9: should omit type []int from declaration of var nF; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:487:9: should omit type []int from declaration of var nU; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:488:9: should omit type []int from declaration of var nW; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:489:9: should omit type []int from declaration of var nP; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:490:9: should omit type []int from declaration of var nT; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:498:12: should omit type int from declaration of var anlyz; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:505:11: should omit type int from declaration of var lump; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:507:9: should omit type int from declaration of var ok; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:508:11: should omit type []int from declaration of var anim; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:515:14: should omit type int from declaration of var verbose; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:518:17: should omit type int from declaration of var shear_flag; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:519:16: should omit type int from declaration of var geom_flag; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:520:17: should omit type int from declaration of var anlyz_flag; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:521:14: should omit type int from declaration of var D3_flag; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:522:16: should omit type int from declaration of var lump_flag; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:523:17: should omit type int from declaration of var modal_flag; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:524:19: should omit type int from declaration of var write_matrix; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:525:17: should omit type int from declaration of var axial_sign; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:526:20: should omit type int from declaration of var condense_flag; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:531:15: should omit type float32 from declaration of var pan_flag; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:532:11: should omit type []byte from declaration of var extn; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:1011:19: should omit type []byte from declaration of var stiffness_fn; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:1618:14: should omit type []byte from declaration of var mass_fn; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:2514:13: should omit type []byte from declaration of var errMsg; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:2553:13: should omit type []byte from declaration of var errMsg; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:2683:16: should omit type []byte from declaration of var base_file; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:2684:16: should omit type []byte from declaration of var mesh_file; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:2813:10: should omit type []byte from declaration of var tmp; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:2872:11: should omit type []byte from declaration of var line; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:2873:13: should omit type []byte from declaration of var errMsg; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:2964:13: should omit type []byte from declaration of var errMsg; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:3188:13: should omit type []byte from declaration of var errMsg; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:3693:16: should omit type []byte from declaration of var base_file; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:3694:16: should omit type []byte from declaration of var mode_file; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:3695:13: should omit type []byte from declaration of var errMsg; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:3920:13: should omit type []byte from declaration of var errMsg; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:4397:9: should omit type []byte from declaration of var wa; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:4398:15: should omit type []byte from declaration of var CSV_file; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:4400:13: should omit type []byte from declaration of var errMsg; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:4541:13: should omit type []byte from declaration of var M_file; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:4543:13: should omit type []byte from declaration of var errMsg; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:4840:9: should omit type int from declaration of var nx; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:5300:11: should omit type []byte from declaration of var fnif; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:5301:15: should omit type []byte from declaration of var CSV_file; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:5302:13: should omit type []byte from declaration of var errMsg; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:5303:9: should omit type []byte from declaration of var wa; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:5916:11: should omit type []byte from declaration of var fnif; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:5917:13: should omit type []byte from declaration of var meshfl; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:5920:13: should omit type []byte from declaration of var errMsg; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:5939:9: should omit type int from declaration of var lw; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:6159:9: should omit type int from declaration of var lw; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:6162:13: should omit type []byte from declaration of var modefl; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:6163:13: should omit type []byte from declaration of var errMsg; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:6334:16: should omit type float32 from declaration of var zoom_init; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:6335:17: should omit type float32 from declaration of var zoom_final; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:6348:13: should omit type int from declaration of var CYCLES; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:6350:9: should omit type int from declaration of var lw; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:6355:13: should omit type []byte from declaration of var modefl; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:6356:14: should omit type []byte from declaration of var framefl; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:6357:13: should omit type []byte from declaration of var errMsg; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:6588:13: should omit type []byte from declaration of var errMsg; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:7284:13: should omit type []byte from declaration of var errMsg; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:7671:11: should omit type int from declaration of var i_ex; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:7677:13: should omit type []byte from declaration of var errMsg; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:8007:11: should omit type int from declaration of var icol; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:8008:11: should omit type int from declaration of var irow; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:9317:17: should omit type []byte from declaration of var pathToFile; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:9318:13: should omit type []byte from declaration of var errMsg; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:9355:8: should omit type int from declaration of var i; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:9384:8: should omit type int from declaration of var i; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:9425:9: should omit type int from declaration of var ok; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:9510:11: should omit type []byte from declaration of var temp; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:9533:18: should omit type int from declaration of var line_length; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:9557:13: should omit type []byte from declaration of var errMsg; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:9601:8: should omit type int from declaration of var e; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:9616:8: should omit type int from declaration of var e; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:9643:8: should omit type int from declaration of var e; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:9656:11: should omit type int32 from declaration of var nrow; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:9657:11: should omit type int32 from declaration of var ncol; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:9686:11: should omit type int32 from declaration of var nrow; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:9687:11: should omit type int32 from declaration of var ncol; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:9716:11: should omit type int32 from declaration of var nrow; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:9717:11: should omit type int32 from declaration of var ncol; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:9747:11: should omit type int32 from declaration of var nrow; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:9748:11: should omit type int32 from declaration of var ncol; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:9780:11: should omit type int32 from declaration of var nrow; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:9781:11: should omit type int32 from declaration of var ncol; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:9812:11: should omit type int32 from declaration of var nrow; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:9813:11: should omit type int32 from declaration of var ncol; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:9814:11: should omit type int32 from declaration of var ndep; it will be inferred from the right-hand side
main.go:9932:30: exported func Cvector returns unexported type []main.fcomplex, which can be annoying to use
main.go:9945:50: exported func Cmatrix returns unexported type [][]main.fcomplex, which can be annoying to use
